Welcome to comfy QA. Let's review pr number 261: feat(i18n): searchable language selector with keyboard navigation
First, let's look at the GitHub pr page for context.
Severity medium. Affected area: registry web header language selector / i18n navigation.
Scenario 1: Search and select language by native-language text. Verifies the core searchable language selector feature, including autofocus, filtering by native language name, and locale selection.
Step 1: Click the language selector trigger in the header.
Step 2: Assert the search input is focused.
Step 3: Type '日'.
Step 4: Verify Japanese is visible and unrelated languages are filtered out.
Step 5: Click the Japanese option.
Scenario 2: Keyboard-only locale selection. Ensures the selector is accessible without a mouse and that activeIndex keyboard state selects the correct option.
Step 1: Focus the language selector trigger using Tab or direct focus.
Step 2: Press Enter or Space to open it.
Step 3: Type 'fr'.
Step 4: Press ArrowDown if needed to highlight French.
Step 5: Press Enter.
Scenario 3: Escape closes selector without changing locale. Validates cancellation behavior and prevents accidental locale changes when the user dismisses the combobox.
Step 1: Open the language selector.
Step 2: Type 'ar'.
Step 3: Use ArrowDown to highlight Arabic if present.
Step 4: Press Escape.
Step 5: Reload the page.
Scenario 4: RTL Arabic selection and return to LTR. Covers the high-risk RTL regression area caused by language switching and document direction updates.
Step 1: Open the language selector.
Step 2: Search for 'Arabic' or 'العربية'.
Step 3: Select Arabic.
Step 4: Verify the document direction is RTL.
Step 5: Open the selector again.
Scenario 5: No results state and contribution modal. Verifies empty-state localization and confirms the footer contribution action was not broken by the dropdown rewrite.
Step 1: Open the language selector.
Step 2: Type 'not-a-language-xyz'.
Step 3: Verify the no-results message is displayed.
Step 4: Clear the search input.
Step 5: Click the contribution footer action.
QA session complete. Report and video evidence saved.